= Protocol Group 13

Meeting on 20.11.2023

Place:   SLUB Room 042 +
Start:   08:30 Uhr +
(Planned on starting 8:30 real start at 8:40)
End:     09:00 Uhr

__Protocol writer:__ Celina Stransky

*Next Meeting:* +
27.11.2023, 8:15

__Participants:__
//Tabellarisch oder Aufz√§hlung, Kennzeichnung von Teilnehmern mit besonderer Rolle (z.B. Kunde)

- *Meera* (Tutor, Customer, late)

- Bastian (SCRUM Master, late)
- Celina
- Kevin
- Antonia (late)
- Adrian (late)
- Florian (late)
- Aituar (late)

not present: Oliver

== Notes

* Meera says DevDoc looks fine

* Present Meera with our progress from last week
** TransactionEntries are now permanently stored in the Database
** TransactionEntry Attribute amount is javaxMoney and can't be saved in the Database, so we will emit that, and only work with a double, so every transactions is assumed to be in EURO
** Florian and Basti talked about fixing some issues with the reservation
*** Booking with several dates + several rooms, or only one room with one date per reservation?
*** Meera decided: we can do it any way
*** Basti : multiple rooms per booking, but different dates need multiple reservation
* Test Coverage :
** https://st-lab-ci.inf.tu-dresden.de/sonarqube/component_measures?id=de.tudresden.inf.st.lab%3Aswt23w13&metric=new_coverage&view=list
* Cross testing can be done in the holidays, if we are not able to finish it before the holidays

== Current

* Only DevDoc is to be updated, Pflichtenheft shall not be updated
* Task distribution is done via Trello:
** https://trello.com/b/8H2GYu28/swp


== Planning of the next Sprints

* update DevDoc while implementing
* implementation of mandatory functionality
* implementation of unittests


