= Protocol Group 13

Meeting on 13.11.2023

Place:   SLUB Room 042 +
Start:   08:15 Uhr +
End:     09:00 Uhr

__Protocol writer:__ Celina Stransky

*Next Meeting:* +
16.11.2023 16:40 for the mid presentation

__Participants:__
//Tabellarisch oder AufzÃ¤hlung, Kennzeichnung von Teilnehmern mit besonderer Rolle (z.B. Kunde)

- *Meera* (late)

- Bastian (SCRUM Master)
- Celina
- Antonia
- Kevin
- Adrian
- Oliver(late)
- Florian(online)

not present: Aituar(sick), 

== Notes

* problems with the DevDoc : Adrian pushed sunday 23:57, and pushed the wrong stuff
* for the prensentation everyone has to be present
* sonarcube: coverage is less than 30% -> should be fixed until the end of project (at least 60%)
** https://st-lab-ci.inf.tu-dresden.de/sonarqube/projects (to see what is a problem)
* DevDocs shall be updated regularily, if we decide to change implementation details
* Problems: User must have credit info (is ca. 1700 byte) but database only accepts data up until 256 byte
** Meera says we can use a dummy for the credit card -> not use salespoint


== Current

* Date for the middle prensentation: 16.11.2023
* Pairs for the implementation:
** Antonia & Celina
** Kevin & Florian
** Adrian & Oliver
** Bastian & Aituar
* Task distribution is done via Trello:
** https://trello.com/b/8H2GYu28/swp


== Planning of the next Sprints

* everyone starts their implementation
* presentation of our prototype on thursday, 16.11.2023

